Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a horror, mystery,
and thriller film called “The Midnight Meat
Train."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
On a late-night train ride, a man wakes up
alone, realizing that he might have missed
his stop.
He walks to the other section of the train,
but he slips into a pool of blood, leaving
him drenched and afraid.
From the other section, he hears thumping
noises, as if someone is being butchered,
so he takes a look and sees exactly what he
thinks.
In the busy streets of New York, Leon Kaufman,
photographs the city and practices it as his
profession.
He lives with his girlfriend, Maya Jones,
in an apartment they rent together.
While they spend time together, Maya realizes
that Leon’s work is causing too much strain
and stress on him.
She figures out that it would make him happy
to call his boss behind his back, and let
him introduce him to a famous gallery owner
named Susan Hoff.
The next day, Leon goes to her office with
his boss, Jurgis, and officially meets her.
Leon explains to Susan that his style captures
the unique and gritty shots of the city, but
it does not leave a big impression on her.
Instead, she criticizes his shots, saying
that he is not taking enough risks, and that
his shots lack life.
Emboldened by her remarks, Leon has a hard
time sleeping that night, so he heads outside
to seek inspiration for his work.
He heads into the city subway system during
that night, where he sees the uncrowded place.
Just as he is about to go downstairs, he witnesses
an impending assault, where three men are
harassing a woman, and photographs the scene.
He calls their attention, making one of the
men start to approach him, and again, he starts
taking pictures of the man’s menacing face.
He points at the security camera to avoid
a fight, and the group lets go of the girl
before leaving.
In a sigh of relief, the woman thanks Leon,
even kissing him before she boards the train.
By the door, a built and well-dressed man
holds the door for her.
After overcoming a stressful night, she happily
plays music when the man approaches her from
behind and hits her head with a meat hammer,
causing her to die instantly.
The following day, Leon visits the local restaurant
where he is a regular customer.
As a vegan, he always asks the cook to fry
some tofu that he brings with him whenever
he visits, and the cook hesitantly agrees
after making fun of him.
Leon reads the newspaper that day and discovers
that the woman he saved, Erika Sakaki, is
reported missing shortly after she rode the
train.
Concerned by her whereabouts, he feels a sense
of responsibility for handing the photograph
of her harassers to the police immediately.
However, the one in charge, Detective Lynn
Hadley, does not seem convinced about his
theory and even thinks that Leon was stalking
her and is the one behind her disappearance.
Later that day, Leon meets with Susan again
to submit his photo entries.
Her expression is nothing short of amazed;
the images have gained her respect for Leon
as a photographer, and she asks him to submit
two more powerful pictures to be part of her
group show in the following week.
For the first time in his career, he feels
seen and noticed by the higher-ups; that night,
along with Maya and Jurgis, they grab drinks
to celebrate.
However, the celebration ends abruptly as
Leon decides to head to the subway again to
take more pictures.
Three passengers wait for their next stop
inside the train, but the train takes another
route, making them miss their stop.
From the convex mirror, one of them sees the
same man who killed the missing woman stand
up and come toward them.
The woman alarms them about the man, but they
pay her no mind and continue to converse.
Suddenly, the man smashes his head with a
meat hammer, causing his eyeballs to fall
out and result in his instantaneous death.
The killer’s identity is now revealed, who
comes by the name Mahogany.
He targets the next victim by using a hook
to stab him, even lifting him into the air.
The woman tries to run away, but slips in
the puddle of blood on the floor as Mahogany
walks toward her in a sinister way.
The man from behind tries to stop him by grabbing
his leg, but Mahogany mercilessly hits him
with the meat hammer.
The last remaining passenger suffers the same
fate as her friends and gets beaten with the
hammer, resulting in decapitation.
Waiting to take the perfect shot, Leon waits
outside the station for passers-by who look
interesting.
Mahogany comes up the escalator looking extremely
intimidating, so Leon takes a photo of him
and follows him around.
As Mahogany takes a turn, he senses that he
is being followed, so he stops just as Leon
takes the turn as well.
He gets a little frightened seeing Mahogany
standstill, waiting for him to pass by.
As he gets closer, Mahogany grabs him, and
he sees a ring adorned with eight stars.
He nervously explains that he simply wants
a picture of him, and Mahogany, fortunately,
lets him go.
While printing and examining his photos, Leon
notices the same ring he saw on Mahogany holding
the door for Erika the night she disappeared.
This gives him the suspicion that Mahogany
is behind the killings of late-night passengers,
a myth circulating the city.
From then on, Leon devotes himself to investigating
Mahogany.
He follows him around the city and finds out
that he is a butcher.
The intrigued Leon waits for him to get off
work and follows him to the subway station
that night.
Oddly, Mahogany is observant and vigilant
of his surroundings; he waits for the station
to be unpacked, spending hours sitting down,
waiting for a possible prey while Leon is
busy taking pictures of his new subject.
Finally, the train that Mahogany has patiently
waited for arrives, but before Leon could
enter the same train, a police officer stops
him to check his camera.
A built man enters the train and tries to
make fun of Mahogany before realizing that
the train is en route to another railway,
missing his stop.
Mahogany attacks him, knocking the man at
once, but he stops and drops the meat hammer
after coughing blood.
Little does he know, the man has a knife and
gets up to attempt to stab Mahogany, but the
killer manages to dodge every attack.
The two of them start punching each other,
making the train driver, Mahogany’s accomplice,
alarmed by the situation.
He comes to the rescue and shoots the man
directly in the head before saying that he
is disappointed at Mahogany.
Meanwhile, Leon surprises Maya in the restaurant
where she works with a pre-engagement ring.
He is still saving enough money for her to
receive a proper engagement ring, and the
two happily share the precious moment.
That night, Leon dreams of being on the midnight
train, butchering numerous victims.
He wakes up from his horrible nightmare and
sees himself trapped in the obsession of knowing
more about the butcher.
Mahogany, who suffers from a skin disease,
stands in front of a mirror and uses a scalpel
to remove the excess skin that is getting
worse over time.
Weirdly, he preserves the extracted skin and
stores it in his medicine cabinet.
At home, Maya notices the man consistently
in the pictures that Leon takes.
He explains that he feels the need to follow
the butcher because he may be the suspect
in a gruesome crime, but Maya reminds him
of the photos that he has to submit to Susan
for the show.
With his interest completely shifted, Leon
goes into further research about the butcher.
The following day, he comes to Mahogany’s
workplace and pretends to be a butcher himself,
just to get a glimpse of him and hopefully
more evidence.
As a vegan, he finds the place very uncomfortable,
but he continues to take pictures anyway.
Unfortunately, Mahogany spots him secretly
taking pictures, so he runs away to avoid
confrontation from the menacing man.
In the room where animal carcasses are hung,
Leon sees him holding a meat hook in hopes
of getting ahold of him.
He holds himself up with the animal carcass
so Mahogany would not see him, but as he goes
down, the scary butcher chases him, but he
safely escapes.
The disoriented Leon meets up with Jurgis
at the restaurant, who is having a big plate
of steak at the moment.
Leon seems to crave meat that day, so he grabs
a piece of the steak and eats it, leaving
the cook and Jurgis shocked by his behavior.
Later that day, he gathers newspaper articles
related to midnight train murders, filling
the whole apartment with documents.
Maya arrives home to Leon acting frantically
and bombarding her with information about
the disappearances of people, a scheme fueled
by the butcher.
Annoyed by his obsession, Maya begs him to
stop shooting at night and calls his investigation
a whole conspiracy theory.
To clear his mind, Maya hands him his camera
to take portraits of her, but he only sees
visions of the midnight train and the butcher,
unable to click the capture button.
Leon makes it up to her and apologizes to
Maya for being paranoid about the butcher.
Still, out of nowhere, Leon sees Mahogany’s
reflection, which is just outside the restaurant,
seemingly taunting him.
Instantly, it wakes up Leon’s obsession
once more, so he makes his way to the subway
station, boards the train, and is ready to
take more photos of the butcher.
During the ride, Leon sets his eyes on Mahogany,
who is in another section of the train.
Some passengers board the last stop, who end
up being killed with a meat hammer.
Leon witnesses the blood bath and instantly
confirms his theories of Mahogany being a
serial killer.
He takes up all his courage to stand up and
take the pictures while the butcher is busy
cleaning up the scene.
Horrifyingly, he sees Mahogany extract the
victims’ teeth, nails, and hair before hanging
them upside down.
Mahogany notices Leon and smirks at him, causing
the photographer to run along the aisle.
As he reaches the end of the train, Mahogany
smashes his head against the window, knocking
him down.
Once he regains consciousness, he finds himself
inside the slaughterhouse, still alive.
He comes home and ignores Maya, who is deeply
concerned about him.
Inside the bathroom, he discovers strange
markings on his chest, which Maya sees shortly
after.
Leon reveals Mahogany’s scheme to her, but
with the lack of evidence since his camera
is taken away from him, he is sure that the
police will not buy his story.
Maya gets alarmed by his behavior, but she
believes him enough to seek the photos he
took.
Along with Jurgis, she plans on retrieving
Leon’s camera, so they head to Mahogany’s
apartment.
After breaking in, Maya and Jurgis examine
the apartment separately.
He scours through his tools while Maya enters
the bathroom, where Mahogany preserves his
extracted skin.
Unknown to them, the butcher returns to his
apartment and captures Jurgis after finding
Leon’s camera hidden in the closet.
As Maya makes her way out of the bathroom,
she sees Mahogany’s bag and timetables that
record more than 100 years of murders on the
train.
She runs to safety after seeing Mahogany’s
shoulder from the closet, knowing that Jurgis
has suffered an untimely tragedy.
She reports the disappearance of Jurgis, but
Detective Hadley is still skeptical of her
claims.
According to her, she sent an investigation
team to the apartment, but they didn’t find
anything.
When Detective Hadley presses Maya to give
back the timetables, she demands answers,
but the officer remains unhelpful.
In the gallery, Leon attends the event, where
he is introduced to clients who find his work
exceptional.
However, Leon is too stressed to maintain
a conversation with anyone, so he walks around
the gallery until he stops by one of his photographs
with Mahogany in it.
He observes it intently until Susan asks what
is wrong; before walking away, he tells her,
“I have a train to catch.”
Meanwhile, Maya takes a gun hidden in the
restaurant and finds Detective Hadley outside,
who finally gives her the whereabouts of Jurgis
on the train.
While she boards the train, Leon gathers several
weapons from the slaughterhouse, now ready
to combat Mahogany in full butcher gear.
On the train, Maya realizes that the train
took another direction, so she stands up bravely
and makes her way along the aisle, where Leon
sees her.
Afraid for her life, he chases the train and
manages to climb from it.
Mahogany has just completed his nightly massacre,
and Maya sees Jurgis hanging from a meat hook,
her screams alerting the sinister Mahogany.
She tries to shoot him but misses every shot,
so she resorts to running back to the other
end of the train.
However, Mahogany throws his meat hammer and
hits her leg, causing her to fall.
Now that she is cornered, the killer comes
forward and almost strikes the hammer at her,
but Leon calls his attention just in time.
Both of them come face to face and fight between
the swinging bodies that are ripped, thrown,
and used for defense.
Their brawl continues climatically as the
two recklessly throw themselves against each
other.
Jurgis, hanging from a meat hook, dies after
being gutted in Mahogany’s attempt to hold
on.
Finally, Leon throws Mahogany out of the train,
but not long before it hits its final stop.
Maya approaches Leon, slightly relieved that
they both survived.
The train lights go out at the final destination,
and the driver calmly informs them to "step
away from the meat.”
They find out the purpose of the abandoned
station, as reptilian creatures enter the
train and start consuming the bodies of the
murdered passengers.
Both of them step down and enter an underground
cavern, covered with skulls and decomposing
bodies.
The battered Mahogany returns from beneath
the train with his eyes transformed and fights
in a death brawl with Leon, who finishes him
at last by impaling the butcher's skull on
a blade.
Mahogany demonically grins in his dying breath,
pronouncing the single word “Welcome!"
The train driver picks up Leon after attempting
to attack him, rips out his tongue, and eats
it.
He continues to tell Leon that the carnivorous
creatures had lived underground long before
the subway existed, and Mahogany's job is
to feed them every night to keep them from
civilization and attacking train riders during
the day.
He then approaches the unconscious Maya, who
lies on a pile of bones.
Brutally, he lets Leon watch as he cuts her
chest open to extract her heart before handing
it to Leon, now that he must take the dead
butcher’s place.
The following day, a new butcher is up for
the job and wears the same ring with the group
symbol.
He meets Detective Hadley, who hands the train
timetables, revealing that she is part of
the secret society.
The new killer makes his way onto the midnight
train, looking for a new victim, and reveals
himself as none other than Leon.